Difficulties: 

Easy, Normal, hard, brutal 

Can make relative names to above^ 

Characters 

Mathivan (insert last name hear) 

Archmage (head priest and wizard) is called Turius ravenblood 

*^ not a fan of the name after some review, does not feel like a persons name. Needs to be somewhat realistic of a name rather than something that would seem randomly generated. Same as the name below. Like the name of Arthas menethil, or kel’thuzad. Ravenblood could be replaced by ravanian or sorts. Shouldn’t seem as if it just was industrially put without thought. Starcraft is good example, such as zagara or dehaka or artanis, tassadar... If needed we can delay and just put EngineerHero1 or something for now. As little shortcuts as possible, long prodject and people very much criticize these things as I know myself to the games I play. Its like if a musician randomized the people or places in his song to some extent. Thanks! 

(I personally like duskbender over Wardenshield, name feels off, but could be tweaked to better sound) 

Mission Structure 20 mission for now 

Protagonist- Mathivan Wardenshield or duskbender , a Paladin, is trying to unite the kingdoms or factions of the humans. If in combat, he will have a shield and a hammer. 

Will appear from nowhere, main cinematic being “the prophecy” or a blurred vision of what is to come. Similar to wings of liberty part. The person will be praying at a small church, starts to see these visions, basically of chaos and fighting, then will open stand up meantime, maybe put gear on, then look at camera or make some cool scene.  

 

 

Mission 1- No build        Obj-Liberate a nearby town    Bonus obj- liberate “Prison” camps to gain forces (2-3 units) 

You control the Paladin and a medium force of troops. Maybe 4 melee and 4 archers to start.  
Idea will be to introduce controlling units and micro 

Eventually a flankage will appear, voiceline will indicate, saying send warriors back to protect the archers. 

 

Mission 2: basic building mission (defense) 

You are back at the main camp (introduce archer towers and other defensive structure trenches etc (no siege weaponry yet) also introduce the ability to repair with the Highman worker as well as the medical place to heal up damaged units. Units come in waves (other high men called “empire”) and you are waiting for them to expend all their forces on you so you can counterattack. If you attack the base, you complete both this and the next mission. Also, you have a medium sized base so you don’t have to be resource friendly 

 

Alterative to above^: You resume the campaign from that place, whether future or immediately after. You are introduced to production buildings and resource collection. The antagonist has his army built up and is getting “ready” to attack. Build up your forces and defeat the enemy. You keep all units that survived from prior mission.  (Enemy doesn’t send attack waves) 

Obj Build up an army, defeat the enemies army.    Bonus Obj- Take the mine for more resources/ free the miners 

Mission 3:  Build mission     Obj: destroy the enemies fortifacations     

You will have to break through the antagonists____ defenses, he will counter attack/sends attack waves fairly regularly but very often on god difficulty 

Similar mission to The outlaws, but open fields instead of a pathway and a guarantee to be fighting waves 100% of time 

Introduces defenses? “Will allow us to attack the enemy while our base being still secure” 

 

 

Campaign map introduced, you now pick which regions you are going to devote your focus to at that current time. Cavalry, priests are available. 

 

Mission 4: Use cavalry squad to break the enemies lines/flank the enemy 

Introduces the calvary unit.   

 Introduces a general or military commander character to the campaign that will travel with you. 

Could be convoys or keeps that you are defending. 

The idea will be a defense or multiple target mission. You will need to defend 2-3 convoys/castles at once with attacks going to be unleashed upon them. Possible to use normal tactics, but calvary charges taking each out 1 at a time and moving fast will be advantageous. Also, defense is another option. Enemy will attack with small armies that can be cleaned up. Higher difficulties will rely on the flanking of the enemies archers. 

 

Names:  Judgement something ___,    Ideas: Judgement of Purity, Judgement of Divinity, Divine Judgement.... *Shimmer in the Dark* or darkness 

Final mission- Defense      Obj-Defend the crystal    Bonus obj- Defend the beacons/pillars/condults to allow for their passive bonuses.  Bonus Objective????, Secure reinforcements from the cave system. Can send small parties to rescue groups to be sent to the front lines. (similar to gates of hell) cave system will naturally be able to hold for the start of the game and easiest to hold, is located in between your two starting villages/castles.. Will have naturally two towers defending it, to access caves you will have to enter, attacks will be rare and mainly if you don’t secure the reinforcements. Must be very beneficial in there. 

Idea will be to defend 3-4 sides, one is a big big open field, and two will be side places (such as a canyons) 

Maybe.... add teleportation beacons for the ability to flank attack waves and to destroy enemy artillery. Or we might need to add a dropship of sorts. Like a hercules in similar style 

 

Dropship mission-Obj-take down the enemies barricade.  

Takes action on the broken islands. Inconsistent rock patches making it hard to manuever an army. Use dropships to ease this, such as dropping seige weaponry on certain rock formations or flanking the enemies fortifications. Instead of using the bridge like pathways to advance that only 1/few siege machines can set defensively on. 

 

MWT Mission 

Basically, massive battle in the center and you are losing.  

You must pull back and use your MWTS to isolate reinforcing troops and save them as well as work on pushing back the enemy from your base. Since they are so big you can use them to block the ramps and you can also route different troops  

^not big fan of, blocking forces seems somewhat dumb. How about you engage multiple enemy groups. You cant just kill the enemy's army because of footman, but you can destroy many to reduce them. Then you can destroy some mage or air groups in other modes. Or certain mixed waves. Aka, calvary and air attack from the back. Or a certain battle will have 2 mage ships so your anti air will be more usefull. Or you have 2 mage ships and some need to take that out while a footman charge is flanking the army. Your ally will mainly be on hold position for footman- trying to make a wall for the archers. You will have a base. 

 

Mission 5: Help the priests clear their land of the invading demons The priests are currently losing so you can back up either using calvary or making your own priests (demons do extra to light) priests have to defend a part of the crystal until extract (like zero hour) You can attack a base in the top right of the map that will allow you to quick end the mission and it gets easier as the mission progresses because they lose units to attack you. 

*not fan of, would be boring mission. Need movement/advances upon the enemy or else it feels like your just sitting there. Doesn’t benefit the priest because the priest is a mobile heal. Simple solution people will make with this mission is towers, and they just came from getting towers and using it. 

Additional research missions will be about protecting your bases as you try and mine resources? 

 

Engineering missions. 

    No new unit unlocks rescue the engineers and get a new upgrade path. Basically fight to the enemy base where they are captured and rescue them (basic “unique” mission objective etc) 3 bases each have different types of defenese like shatter the sky. 

* Possibly can made into the campaign against the human faction. Part of it will be mechanical 

*Could be just a unit/upgrade path line. Similar to the zeratul. Not fully sure about it yet. 

 

 

*Random mission idea, Grand Arena. You are trying to fight against the enemy with a shifting everchanging landscape. Deadly clouds coming in, blocked paths, paths narrowing or widening, shifting land, and many different stuff. Forests that become mountains and Ore mines that turn into forests. The idea is spectacle. It is A grand arena that gods or other are watching.  

With this above, could also be a no build or minimal build mission(like the karax one or WOL lab raynor) where the terrain is evershifting maze. However, make a general pattern for speedruns to do. Maybe a good place to hide an easter egg. MUST BE RANDOM. But can have consitency. 

* ^ Challenge the game could have. You start out with a base and pick what units to start with. Goal could be to last as long as possible or defeat the enemy. The idea is it’s a guantlent of sorts. Pick the units you want (give values to these units separate to the normal cost) and they try to beat it. Different difficulties, maps and maybe that maze system.) Could be adjusted to coop 

Ex^: You start with a base, but you have 20 points to spend, workers 1 point, base infantry 1, advance infantry 2-3, seige weapons 4 points maybe, MWT 5, Mage ship 5. Naturally will have base workers but having the ability to increase starting economy could be an interesting strat, but investing too much will break you defenses.  You can, once you invest enough money, possibly get a point generator. This will naturally for the rest of the game generate more points to spend to a maximum of 10 or something. Possibly after a good amount of time reduce the point generation so people don’t sit and max generate free armies consistently. 

Then you start the game up with those troop being summoned or something at the back of you base by a teleport thing. You now try to beat the game. Possible expansions are scattered through the map but require something to get them, instead of rocks to break. Like for shifting mage, you have to find/get to it, then build a base and defend it against the ever shifting terrain. Or you buy a mine, an initial cost (like 1000 ore and wood) for an income and an overall total money increase over the game. Also, resource packets can be found, 100-200 resources and they can't be collected all at once. Certain items or artifacts/relics stuff can be found giving a buff to your forces, hero or base or more. Possibly there can be a place where you can change these relics to what you need. Changing from more eco/base to army, possibly need a cooldown for them changing, but if there is more than 1-3 relics it should be interchangeable. Also don’t make them broken. 

*Heroes can be summoned early with points, and even can be leveled up, but will use points with fibbonaci patterm(112358..) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

*maze ideas: 

There will be a set of maze sections that can be shifted. Each Section will interact with another section somewhat uniquely. Such as B will  connect to an A on top but not on bottem. A path will always be present/its solvable(possibly have the computer solve it priorhand....) This will be mostly random. There will be certain map sections where you can see where the exit is, this does not shift, neither does the exit, but you can see where the nearby tiles positions/shapes.  

* Also can reset and based off of your position change the map in that. The path can not be much longer then what you had left(to prevent being locked infinitely).  

*When changing the scenary, your character is stunned as the screen vibrates and new paths emerge. This will happen about every 5 minutes. Possibly screen will turn dark for a second to add suspence. 

The reward for completing this maze is lots of gems and research stuff. There will be an easter egg hidden in the path. You must find all the tiny maps and look at the master map to find this exit. The difficulty will increase when going near it. Will be close to the start and to the left of it, however it will not be accesable from the front without having to go through a good amount of the maze(it always will start going right).  

All factors^ 

* player location 

*end location 

*easter egg location 

* 

 

Example of sorts the maze size.... Little bit longer than what is shown, possibly slightly smaller. Could give a speed ability boost at the start of the maze to help. Natural movement and a burst of movement. 

*Option to begin at the start of the maze, in the case of bailing out. 

A plaque reads: For those who seek to explore the unknown, this challenge awaits. To find what you seek you must become lost yourself to this ever-shifting labyrinth. The only guide shall be yourself. 

 

 

OPTIONAL MISSIONS HERE!!! 

Maze mission  

Nobuild mission with shifting maze. maze moves every 5 minutes and maps in corners reveal secret speedrun route. 

To complete rescue “insane allies” from the maze and find the vault which holds technology that makes you almost full of the technological aadvancement tab. 

 

*^The maze will be PURELY sidequestable. Will be off to the side in whatever solo mission you are in. This will prevent players from getting frustrated and us having to scale to whatever difficulty. It will just be there as a challenge to players. Debating for speed run route, thinking of it being random, but not random enough to master. A good player can be able to do it under 10 minutes. 

 

 
